hi this is Travis enix from embrace
tiger return to kitchen welcome to
another installment of Taichi should
Jory through movement today we're gonna
go over a maneuver called princess in
the valley we're going to start with our
hands up high our basic leg posture for
Taisha our hands are going to start up
high and as we come forward they're
going to sweep low just briefly coming
together it like you're holding the ball
and then back up and open again you want
to keep your shoulders nice and relaxed
do what you can exhale as you come
forward inhale as you come back
eight
and
ends up high down along the side into
your resting pose for one breath go and
do the other side and it's up high
coming forward low into that ball shape
for just a moment and then separating up
high exhale forward inhale back
eight
and nine
but it hands along the side of the body
bend those knees rest for a moment just
want to mention again my left hand when
you see it doing that that's a natural
result of Tai Chi Chia happens after
some practice
don't try and copy it at the beginning
it'll just be kind of a weird tension
but if it starts to happen on its own
don't fight it this actually feels kind
of good when it's when it's going and
it's a good sign of energy flow all
right join me next time for another
installment of tai chi Chi